( dramatic theme playing )
Sorry.
I didn't realize
assigned here today.
that you'd been
I wasn't.
This space was unoccupied,
so I came here to work.
On what?
I'm reconfiguring
the power couplings
in this section.
Why?
requires additional energy.
The Astrometrics Lab
I see.
So you're rerouting power
from other locations
like... Engineering.
They are minor adjustments.
will not be affected.
Primary systems
Unless, of course,
someone is trying
to do a warp core
diagnostic,
trying to do all morning.
which my crew has been
We have lost hours of work
because of this.
There is no need
for anger.
of causing a problem.
I had no intention
What, "sorry" isn't in
the Borg vocabulary?
check with me
You need to
the power systems.
before you touch
Understood?
Understood.
to working in a hierarchy.
I am unaccustomed
In the collective,
there was no need
to ask permission.
If you're going to be
a member of this crew,
( beeping )
get used to it.
Procedures exist
for a reason.
to work together.
We've got
the same set of rules--
We follow
Lieutenant?
that lecture once,
I was given
by Captain Janeway
when I first joined
this crew.
to Starfleet life...
If I could adjust
...so can you.
Of course.
I am...
sorry for the inconvenience.
Doc, I've got to go
run a few errands.
Not so fast, Mr. Paris.
I'll be back soon.
Can't these errands wait
of your duty shift?
until the end
Conn report, actually.
Uh... Well, it's my
I forgot to turn it in,
I just realized
a hard time when it's late.
and Chakotay gives me
You've been here
all afternoon.
Didn't this occur
to you before?
Well, we've been
so...busy
that I guess it just
slipped my mind.
I see.
it's an emergency,
Well, since
stand in your way.
don't let me
Thanks.
Hmm.
Sir.
( console beeping )
to these coordinates.
Computer, lock on
a site-to-site transport.
I need
No, wait.
replicator files first.
Access the central
Ah...
perfect.
( sighs )
( beeping )
( whoosh )
Are those supposed
to make up
for canceling on me
last night?
I got stuck with an extra shift
on the Bridge.
What could I say--
"Sorry, Captain, I've got
a date with B'Elanna"?
And what about
right now?
to be working in Sickbay?
Aren't you supposed
I said I had to go
deliver a Conn report.
Not bad.
expecting you back.
But he'll be
He can wait.
( dramatic theme playing )
( gasps )
What is it?
I just had the feeling that
somebody was watching us.
I must be completely
paranoid
compromising position, heh.
about getting caught in a
Kind of exciting,
isn't it?
( triumphant theme playing )
is hard as a rock.
Your trapezius
You haven't been following
the relaxation regimen
I prescribed for you.
I've been too busy.
The usual story.
Have you been getting
enough sleep?
More or less.
Mostly less.
Mm-hmm. And have
your headaches
been getting any worse?
No, but they're not getting
any better either.
They're like hot needles
driving into my skull.
hardly surprising, Captain.
These symptoms are
You work absurdly
long hours
under constant stress,
eating on the run,
without sufficient
exercise or rest.
Your body is crying out
for mercy.
It certainly is right now.
( spine pops, Janeway gasping )
There must be some easier
way to do this, doctor.
A hypospray, maybe?
Always looking for
the simple fix.
Sometimes there's
no substitute for
intensive osteopathic
pressure therapy.
You're fortunate
to have a masseur
who can work all day
without tiring.
CHAKOTAY: Bridge to the Captain.
( com chirps )
this is an emergency,
Commander, unless
is unavailable.
my patient
I'm here, Chakotay.
What is it?
We've reached the source of
those energy readings,
CHAKOTAY:
and I thought you'd like to see
what we've found.
On my way.
Captain!
you're going to say, doctor,
I know what
my responsibilities.
but I can't neglect
Actually, I was going to
suggest a change of outfit.
CHAKOTAY:
Binary pulsars.
The gravitational forces
between them are so intense
that everything within
50 million kilometers
is getting pulled in.
We're well out of range.
Don't worry.
Gamma radiation
levels are high,
as we're careful,
but as long
I think we can collect
some invaluable data.
am I boring you?
Captain,
I'm sorry.
too tired to concentrate
I guess I'm a little
on stellar phenomena
right now.
in your capable hands, hmm?
I'll leave this project
( people chatting indistinctly )
You wanted to see me,
Lieutenant?
Yes. I'm trying
to increase
the efficiency of
the impulse drive,
but I wanted to make sure
that I wasn't compromising
helm control.
Sensible precaution.
I'd be glad to help.
Good. All of the specs
are at my upper
workstation.
Then let's get started.
( console beeping repetitively )
( beeping stops )
Did you hear something?
you hear something.
You always think
( turbolift arriving )
Commander.
Lieutenant.
Here is the power usage data
you requested.
Right. Of course.
quite so...promptly.
I didn't expect it
Which I guess I should have,
uh, coming from you.
I mean, I'm grateful
to me so quickly. Thanks.
that you got the data
( console beeping )
( both sigh )
( dramatic theme playing )
Tuvok.
( nervous chuckle )
Tuvok, I guess that was
kind of embarrassing.
I don't experience
embarrassment.
Right.
there's no harm done.
Well, then I guess
It's not like there was
a security violation
or anything.
I am aware of.
None that
there's nothing
So I guess
that would have to go on
any kind of report.
You want me to conceal
what I've observed
with Lieutenant Torres.
of your relationship
Well, I'd certainly
never ask you
to be dishonest.
Certainly not.
anything to the Captain?
Do you think he'll say
B'ELANNA:
I don't know.
Well, how did he sound?
Annoyed? Amused?
He sounded Vulcan.
What more can I tell you?
Deck 1.
( beeps )
careful with appearances.
We have got to be more
the briefing at the same time.
We shouldn't go into
Good idea.
I'll come in a minute later.
Okay, you go in first.
even more suspicious.
No. That'll look
We're acting like criminals
Listen to us.
when we haven't done
anything wrong.
Well, I'm not saying
that we have.
I just thought we wanted
to keep this relationship
to ourselves.
We do, right?
Do you?
If you do.
Computer, halt turbolift.
Let's figure out how
we're going to handle this.
( sighs )
Well...
I don't think that it's
anybody else's business
how we feel about each other.
Neither do I.
Right, then we're agreed.
more careful in public,
We're just a little
anything to anybody.
and we don't say
At least for now.
Now?
Sounds like you see
a future in this.
( chuckles )
be so presumptuous.
I would never
Smooth recovery,
Lieutenant.
I thought so.
Computer, resume.
So I'll go first,
and you follow.
Right.
( door opens )
We'll circle the two pulsars
Here's the plan.
of 80 million kilometers.
at a minimum distance
That might not be
far enough.
some random proton bursts.
We've been detecting
knock out our shields.
A strong one could
Tom, go to 90.
Keep it a safe distance.
CHAKOTAY: Tuvok,
Yes, sir.
keep our shields
at maximum strength.
Divert auxiliary power
if you need it.
I want to take every precaution
on this survey.
Report any problems immediately,
no matter how small.
JANEWAY: Dismissed.
Paris and Torres,
Lieutenants
with you for a moment.
I'd like to speak
Thanks.
I don't usually
JANEWAY:
of my crew, but in this case,
pry into the personal lives
your recent conduct.
I have to question
I guess Tuvok...
JANEWAY: Tuvok?
I haven't heard a word
from Tuvok.
But you two have been making
enough of a public display
is gossiping about it.
that half the ship
that wasn't our intention--
Believe me,
You are senior officers,
JANEWAY:
to maintain the standard
and I expect you
for the rest of the crew.
But this adolescent behavior
makes me question my faith
in you both.
pursue a relationship,
If you choose to
that's your business.
But you consider yourselves
under orders
to use better judgment
about it.
Is that understood?
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, Captain.
Dismissed.
( dramatic theme playing )
( sighs )
( beeping )
Computer, hot coffee, black.
( gasping )
DOCTOR:
Commander Chakotay is suffering
bone decalcification,
tissue necrosis,
decreased visual acuity--
All classic signs of aging.
But they've developed
within hours.
Any theories?
There's a rare genetic
disorder called progeria,
which causes children
to age prematurely.
But there's never
been an adult case,
and it was supposedly
eradicated two centuries ago.
Even so, I took a close look
at your DNA.
These segments regulate
your body's metabolism.
My scans indicate that they've
been hyper-stimulated somehow.
What's the prognosis?
I can't speculate on that
until I've identified the cause.
There's no sign of
an infectious agent.
We spent several hours
near a binary pulsar
intense gamma radiation.
that was emitting
Our shields were operating.
have been exposed to it.
I don't see how I could
At this point,
we can't rule out anything.
I'm going to take a closer look
at the data we collected.
scans of my quarters,
We should also run
as well as my office
and the Bridge--
Everywhere I've been today.
I'm not prepared
on duty yet, Commander.
to send you back
I may look pretty strange,
is perfectly clear.
but my mind
I'd rather stay busy
than just sit here.
I have no idea how
your symptoms will progress.
You should remain
in Sickbay for observation.
He's right, Chakotay.
I'll keep you informed.
Whatever's affecting
the Commander's DNA
a submolecular level.
is working at
an electron resonance scanner
I'd like to set up
to get a closer look.
in the Science Lab
Use whatever you need.
to give you a hand.
And ask B'Elanna
Still having headaches,
Captain?
I don't need any more lectures
about working too hard, doctor.
Chakotay's the one who needs
your attention right now.
the scanner right away.
I'll get to work on
( door opens )
to use better judgment"?
"Under orders
Well, that's pretty harsh.
I can manage it.
I hope
Well, she does
have a point.
You could have been
more discreet.
I was talking to
Oh. I forgot
the most upstanding Ensign
in Starfleet.
Good morning.
Neelix.
I was just about to whip up
of scrambled eggs.
a fresh batch
Would you like some?
KIM: Actually,
you might have
I was hoping
pleekarind casserole
some leftover
from last night.
For breakfast?
I like it, heh.
I'm sure I can find
some for you.
your relationship
So I guess
a secret anymore.
isn't exactly
Do you think anybody
on this ship
can keep a secret?
( clattering crash )
( dramatic theme playing )
PARIS:
Neelix!
( gasping )
Aah-- Aah-- What's--
What's happening?
Paris to the doctor.
I'm bringing Neelix
to Sickbay.
It's an emergency.
DOCTOR:
Now pay attention, Mr. Paris.
These scans should indicate
whether...
Hmm.
What is it?
has been hyper-stimulated,
It seems that your DNA
Commander Chakotay's.
just like
But Neelix doesn't
seem to be aging.
are quite different.
No. The effects
If anything, I look...
like a Mylean.
They occupy a region of space
near Talax.
Do Talaxians and Myleans
Interesting.
share a common ancestry?
Not that I know of.
Do the two races ever
intermarry?
Yes. As a matter of fact,
my great-grandfather
was Mylean.
of your genetic material
Then one-eighth
was inherited from him.
which have become stimulated.
Those must be the genes
wasn't a little better-looking.
Too bad my great-grandfather
his condition seems stable.
Hmm. As far as I can tell,
I'm going to leave you
in charge of Sickbay
so I can continue
the DNA analysis.
If anyone else
comes in,
a cellular scan.
I'll run
Is there anything else
I can do?
to keep them comfortable.
Do your best
more information,
Until we have
either of us can do.
that's the best
( dramatic theme playing )
( grunting )
might be thirsty.
Thought you
Thanks.
something strange?
Do you smell
I... I'm...
I'm afraid that's me.
I seem to be developing
Mylean sweat glands.
Sorry.
It's not so bad.
I... I try to keep in mind
Well, whatever happens,
that things could be worse.
( grunting )
I still have my home
here on Voyager,
my friends...
Your hair.
but I'd gladly lose it
True,
my taste buds back.
if I could have
losing your eyesight.
At least you're not
See that display
over there?
It's nothing but a blur.
You think that's bad?
The doctor tells me my pupils
have dilated 60 percent.
I can't even look at that
display, it's so bright.
Yeah? Well, I've got
chronic arthritis in my fingers.
I can barely
keep this glass steady.
That's nothing.
is fusing together.
My spinal column
I won't be able to walk.
In a matter of days,
Got you beat.
I can barely walk now.
( door opens )
NEELIX: Lieutenant, can we help?
( groans )
I don't think so.
I'm releasing you both
back to your quarters.
I've just gotten reports
of more patients
on the way.
to get crowded in here.
It's going
How's the scanner?
Good.
B'ELANNA: Almost ready.
to be spreading rapidly
This disorder seems
among the crew.
we'll all be affected?
Does that mean
Right now, it only means
that we need
as quickly as possible.
to find some answers
Give the scanner a try.
All right.
Commander Chakotay.
I'll start with
( beeping )
How's the resolution?
Very nice.
Now, let's focus in on
the hyper-stimulated
segments of his DNA.
more magnification?
Can you give me
Coming up.
That's odd.
DOCTOR:
What is?
some kind of contaminant
There seems to be
on the base pair
sequence.
It didn't show up
on the first scan.
I need a closer look.
I'm going to maximum
magnification.
( dramatic theme playing )
What do you see?
I'm not exactly sure.
Well, what does it look like?
See for yourself.
I'm no microbiologist, but...
like it belongs there.
that doesn't look
Believe me, it doesn't.
anything like it.
I've never seen
of submolecular technology
This level
is well beyond anything
Starfleet has developed.
What are those markings?
Some kind of alien writing?
I wish I knew.
They might help us determine
where it came from.
But who could have put this
into Chakotay's cells
without his knowledge?
Let me try
a compositional analysis.
( beeping )
turns suspenseful )
( dramatic theme
It's in Mr. Neelix's DNA
as well.
Is this what's causing
the mutations?
A good scientist never jumps
to conclusions, Lieutenant,
it's a distinct possibility.
but I'd say
clear reading from this sample.
I'm having trouble getting a
It looks almost like the, um...
whatever it is
could be slightly out of phase.
That must be why my initial
scans didn't reveal it.
for the phase variance.
I'm compensating
You're not gonna believe this,
an energy signature.
but I'm picking up
This thing is transmitting
some kind of a signal.
I don't know.
To where?
to travel very far.
It's too weak
Access the internal sensors
to a phase variance of .15.
and set them
Right.
Lieutenant.
Your program is being deleted.
DOCTOR: How?
I don't know.
I'm transferring you
back to Sickbay.
( gasping )
( groaning )
B'Elanna...
to the Bridge.
Science Lab
This is the doctor.
In the last hour,
PARIS:
three more patients
have come in
with genetic mutations.
to become life-threatening.
The effects are starting
What happened to
B'Elanna?
The alveoli
in her lungs
processing oxygen.
suddenly stopped
respiratory support.
I've got her on
She almost died.
What about
the doctor?
The computer logs
in the Science Lab
show that he was trying to
transfer himself to Sickbay.
Something must
have gone wrong
while he was
in transit.
Could the doctor's
program...?
PARIS:
this is the doctor.
Seven of Nine,
DOCTOR:
Can you hear me?
It's me, the doctor.
into your audio implants
I've tapped
so only you can hear me.
that you tell no one.
It's imperative
to get out of there
Make any excuse
and report to Holodeck 2.
in the da Vinci simulation.
I'm hiding
I'll explain everything
when you get here.
KIM:
Seven was checking that.
JANEWAY:
Seven?
About the doctor's
research.
their work area.
Yes. I examined
There was no record
of any findings.
The electron resonance scanner
appeared to be malfunctioning.
to the Science Lab
I...could return
and attempt
to repair it.
Keep me informed.
DOCTOR:
Hold your head
this way, Carlotta.
I can only conclude
that someone has implanted
these microscopic tags
in the DNA of the crew
to cause genetic mutations.
For what purpose?
I don't know,
and I get the feeling
they don't want us
to find out.
Explain.
When Lieutenant Torres
and I started making progress
in our investigation,
we were both incapacitated.
Call me paranoid,
but I don't think
that is a coincidence.
If you're correct,
are being monitored.
perhaps our actions
That's why I couldn't risk
contacting anyone
over the com system.
course of action
Our first
should be to collect
more information.
My thinking exactly.
the ship's internal sensors
B'Elanna wanted to adjust
to a phase variance of .15.
to your Borg sensory nodes.
I'd like to do the same
Proceed.
( beeping )
a type-4 micro-inducer.
Computer, give me
Hmm.
( whirring )
and tell me what you see.
Now, take a look around,
Do you see
anything...
unusual?
Energy signatures...
or perhaps something
that might be
transmitting a signal?
No.
That's one room down,
256 to go.
a deck-by-deck survey.
I suggest
use com frequency Epsilon 2.
If you need to contact me,
from the rest of the system.
I've isolated it
Understood.
And be careful.
Someone out there
could be watching.
( sighing softly )
( suspenseful theme playing )
( beeps )
( door opens )
( beeping )
Deck 5.
( indistinct chatter )
Computer, frequency Epsilon 2.
( com chirps )
are here on the ship.
Doctor, the aliens
I can see them everywhere.
This is worse than I imagined.
DOCTOR:
to let the Captain know.
You've got
( beeping )
( door chimes )
Yes? Yes!
Good morning,
Captain.
That's a matter of opinion.
What is it?
haven't revealed anything
Internal scans
the genetic mutations.
about
The doctor?
Still off-line.
We are investigating
the possibility--
Inform me of any progress.
Understood.
There's one more thing.
with Tom and B'Elanna
The incident
started me thinking about
ship's protocol...
or lack thereof.
Captain?
It seems to me that people
have been getting
a little too comfortable
around here lately.
for their duty shifts,
They're late
taking Mess Hall privileges
during non-designated hours,
and a lot of people are spending
more time on the holodeck
than they are at their posts.
You are Security Chief.
Don't 13 department heads
report to you every day?
Well, straighten them out.
Yes.
Shall I flog them as well?
( sighing )
Maybe the doctor was right.
I think I do need a vacation.
You do seem unsettled.
Crazed is more like it.
I haven't felt this anxious
since my first day of command.
( door chimes )
Remind me to lower the volume
on that door. Come in.
Captain, I wish to speak
with you--
What's wrong?
resonance scanner have failed.
My attempts to repair the
I require assistance.
to lend you a hand.
Ask Ensign Kim
Yes, Captain.
Is that all?
( door opens, closes )
When this mutation crisis
is over, I think
I'll spend a few days
in Renaissance Tuscany.
There's a little inn
outside Sienna
I've been wanting to try.
I will join you
for a glass of wine.
( gasps )
How many?
DOCTOR:
56 of the aliens.
I've observed
SEVEN:
There could be more.
Have you seen any pattern
to their behavior,
DOCTOR:
any hint as to what they're
trying to accomplish?
They seem to be conducting
experiments on the crew
and monitoring
the results.
As if Voyager were
one big petri dish.
I may be among them.
In the turbolift,
one of them
a medical instrument.
probed me with
We cannot allow them
to continue.
their energy signatures.
I've been analyzing
I believe there's a way
to make them visible
to everyone.
How?
Using a precisely modulated
phaser beam.
If we expose them,
the crew may be able
to fight back.
But what if the aliens
retaliate
by inflicting lethal mutations
on everyone?
It's too risky.
What do you suggest?
The key to the aliens' control
is the genetic tags.
I believe a neuroleptic shock
would disable them.
Unfortunately, it would be
rather... painful.
Will the crew recover?
Yes, they will.
administering the shock
The hard part will be
simultaneously.
to everyone
The power relays could be
reconfigured to do it.
you know how to do that?
Good. I assume
You assume correctly.
But I will have to bypass
several safeguards.
It will take time.
Then you'd better
get started.
( dramatic theme playing )
( people speaking
indistinctly )
( beeps )
( beeping )
( console beeping )
Tuvok to Seven of Nine.
( com chirps )
SEVEN:
Yes?
Why have you accessed
the EPS relay system?
There is a malfunction.
I'm attempting to repair it.
Perhaps you should leave that
to the Engineering crew.
Normally, I would.
However, they are all occupied
with other tasks.
the power safety protocols.
You are compromising
Stop what you're doing
at once.
there is no cause for concern.
I assure you,
( beeps )
Move away from
the console.
I am conducting repairs.
As I told you,
to deceive me. Why?
You are attempting
I can't explain what I'm doing,
but you must allow me
to continue.
Your actions could result
in an energy discharge,
harmful to the crew.
which would be
I realize that.
Don't move.
If your people attempt
to incapacitate me,
I will kill you.
I believe you.
What do you intend
to do now?
to speak to the Captain.
You will come with me
I am certain she will have
questions for you.
( door opens )
to disable the tags.
Keep on trying
Understood.
Let me know when you're ready.
I'll attempt to modify
the internal sensors
to detect the aliens.
Good.
Keep me informed.
( dramatic theme continues )
Who are you?
are you doing to my crew?
And what the hell
My team has been
observing you
and conducting tests.
Tests?
I'd call them mutilations.
why you're angry.
I can understand
I don't like causing
people to suffer,
a necessary part of my work.
but sometimes it's
What kind of work is that?
Medical research.
We're scientists, like you.
From where I stand,
a hostile invasion force.
you're
how long you've been here
I want to know
you've been doing to us.
and exactly what
those questions.
I can't answer
It's a breach of protocol
for me to be speaking
to you at all.
Oh, how convenient.
( scoffs )
have to face your victims.
That way you never
Captain, please.
You're exaggerating
the situation.
Our techniques are as benign
as we can make them.
What I have been through
for the last few days
certainly hasn't felt benign!
Please understand that there's
a purpose to our actions.
The data we gather from you
and psychological disorders
may help us cure physical
that afflict millions.
Isn't that worth
some discomfort?
I'm sure you'd see things
differently
if your people were the ones
being subjected
to these experiments.
Just as your perspective
would change
if your people were the ones
to live longer and healthier
lives as a result.
Don't forget, we've been
observing you, Captain.
I know the most important
thing to you
is the welfare of your crew.
You'd even kill
to protect them.
If necessary.
Of course you would.
You take care of your own,
just as we do.
We're really more similar
than you care to admit.
That's where you're wrong.
isn't self-defense.
What you're doing
It's the exploitation
of another species
for your own benefit.
My people decided
a long time ago
that that was unacceptable,
of scientific progress.
even in the name
strong-willed individual.
You're a remarkably
I've been very impressed
by your self-control
over the past several weeks.
We've been increasing
your dopamine levels,
various aggressive impulses
stimulating
your behavioral restraints.
to test
difference of opinion
There's been a great
about how much more strain
you can bear.
Not much.
( grunts )
( exhales )
I had hoped you might be
more cooperative
the importance of our work.
once you realized
Sorry. These lab rats
are fighting back.
that will be pointless.
I'm afraid
We're monitoring your attempts
to break our control over you.
You won't succeed.
you've underestimated us.
Well, you may find that
the best interests of your crew.
Consider what's in
We will be continuing
our research.
no further attempts
If you make
to interfere, I assure you
that the fatality rate
will be minimal,
though there may be
some deformities.
willing to share
And I would be
our final data
with you.
You can't possibly expect me
to accept that.
If you don't,
then the entire experiment,
and its subjects
will be terminated.
Are you telling me there is
no way to disable the tags?
My attempts to use
the EPS relays
to induce neuroleptic shock
have failed.
may be responsible.
The aliens
I've encountered
similar difficulties
in my efforts to modify
the internal sensors.
They appear to have gained
access to our key systems.
They can't be everywhere
all the time.
We have got to find
an advantage.
find one soon.
We'd better
Sickbay is being filled
with new patients
with increasingly
severe symptoms.
to make them visible.
We have the ability
SEVEN:
If we could modify
enough sensors,
They are still capable
we could resist them.
of manipulating
our DNA.
would be inadvisable.
A direct conflict
MAN: Bridge to doctor.
( com chirps )
Medical emergency.
( sighs )
( gasping )
( tricorder beeping wildly )
She's in hypertensive shock.
20 milligrams
lectrazine.
Her blood pressure
is 360 over 125.
How is that possible?
Severe adrenal stress.
DOCTOR:
No effect.
( instrument beeps )
Her arterial pathways
are rupturing.
She's in cardiac arrest.
We're losing her.
Captain, I'm afraid
that won't help.
There's too much
internal bleeding.
Then try something else.
We'll transport her to Sickbay.
Her entire circulatory
system has collapsed.
There's no way to repair
that kind of damage.
( tricorder emits steady tone)
has occurred.
Brain death
I'm sorry.
There was nothing more
we could have done.
This ends right now.
You're relieved.
Captain, what
are you doing?
experiment of my own.
I'm running a little
Red Alert!
has just entered the Bridge.
Captain, one of the aliens
TUVOK: We're less than
Understood.
a million kilometers
from the pulsars.
We must change course
immediately
to avoid being caught
in their gravity.
No! Keep going.
This is a far
more reckless course of action
than I've come to expect
from you, Captain.
It certainly is.
Hull stress is at 30 teradynes
and rising.
I'm transferring more power
KIM:
to the structural integrity
field,
how long it can hold.
but I don't know
to accomplish by this?
What do you hope
Flying into a binary pulsar?
It seems like I'm trying
to crush this ship
like a tin can.
It's more likely
that you're trying
to intimidate us.
You're welcome
to stick around and find out.
Hull stress is at 45 teradynes.
Our course is locked in.
Only my authorization
can release it.
You're not behaving
very rationally.
That's what you were trying
to accomplish, wasn't it? Hmm?
Pumping up my dopamine levels
to push me to the edge?
Keeping me awake
for four days straight
with the constant pain
of your devices
drilling into my skull?
Well, this is the culmination
of your work, and guess what?
You're going to be right here
to collect the final data.
Shields have failed.
KIM:
is down to 20 percent.
Structural integrity
Enter the authorization code
and change course
immediately!
I don't think you realize
that you are not
in control here anymore.
I can kill you and your crew
in an instant.
Go ahead.
Without us, you won't be
able to prevent this ship
from being torn apart
by the pulsars.
And even with my crew
working together,
I'd say the odds of us
getting through this
are what? One in ten?
One in 20,
at best, Captain.
I'm willing
to take that chance.
Are you?
Outer hull temperature
has reached 9,000 degrees.
beginning to buckle!
The hull is
( beeping )
Two alien vessels are attempting
to disengage from Voyager.
of the gravitational forces!
I can't break us free
Then let's divert all power
to the shields!
we go in full throttle.
No. If we go in,
Assuming we survive,
Captain?
all the momentum we can get
we're gonna need
to reach escape velocity
on the other side.
Everyone, hang on.
I hope you were exaggerating
about those odds, Tuvok.
I was not.
( dramatic theme playing )
Hull stress has exceeded
maximum tolerance!
on Decks 4, 7, 8 and 12.
There are breaches
Emergency force fields
are holding.
I've lost helm control!
Main power is off-line!
we've got enough speed.
Well, let's hope
I don't believe it.
We're alive.
I never realized you thought
of me as reckless, Tuvok.
A poor choice of words.
an understatement.
It was clearly
Stardate 51244.3.
Captain's Log,
JANEWAY:
the doctor has been able
With the aliens gone,
to remove their devices
from the crew
the genetic tags.
and neutralize
It was nice you could
get the night off.
TORRES:
"Nice" had nothing
to do with it.
with Ensign Wildman,
I switched shifts
which means tomorrow
on the Bridge and with the doc.
I'll pull a double-duty
Well, I appreciate
the sacrifice.
Tell me about the wine.
Ah, Ktarian merlot, 2282.
let it breathe first.
You might wanna
We've got all night
to let it breathe.
( com chirps )
Lieutenant Torres.
Engineering to
MAN:
Torres here.
with the plasma manifold.
We are having a problem
I thought you'd want
to take a look.
I don't.
Lock it down for now.
I'll deal with it
in the morning.
Torres out.
Sometimes it's nice to be
the Chief Engineer.
( chuckles )
Try the salad, Chief.
Hmm.
really delicious.
This is
I replicated it myself.
Well, thanks.
Mm, you're too good
for me.
( door chimes )
Ignore it.
Right.
( door chimes )
I'll get rid of them.
sorry to interrupt.
Oh, hi. Uh,
Hi, B'Elanna.
Harry, I'm not home.
I-I just wanted
to return this.
Thanks.
Smells good!
That's it.
No more interruptions.
You know, heh,
I've been thinking about
what the Captain said.
Thinking maybe she was right?
Me, too.
We have been...
a little out of control
lately.
( both chuckling )
Do you think we really were?
What?
Out of control?
Those aliens could have
just been messing around
just to see what would happen.
with our hormones,
They could have.
You're right.
And we don't know how long
they were on board.
tampering with us for months.
They could have been
Well, when you think about it,
you did have a pretty abrupt
change of heart
a couple of weeks ago.
you loved me all of a sudden?
What made you realize that
Just a feeling.
So, our whole relationship
might be based on some...
alien experiment.
You never know.
that explains it.
Well, I think
I guess we should just...
call it off, then.
I think so.
Thank God
we found out in time.
Thank God.
( romantic theme playing )
I don't know
about you, but...
I'm curious to see how
this experiment turns out.
( triumphant theme playing )